INFORMATION
===========

This repository was first created as a experiment to play with Git. I maintain
here some PKGBUILDs for the Arch Linux Distribution that I have some interest.

In the beginning, I just used this for the minbif PKGBUILD, which was in the
AUR before going to the community repository. Since then, I have added some
other packages and I try to keep then up-to-date.

All the packages here have some kind of modification when compared to the
original ones. I tend to adapt all of them to my style. But when I say that
they are "the same", I mean that the final product is very similar to the
original one. :)

PACKAGES
========

Here's a little description of how I ended up making each of these packages.

bitlbee
-------

I thought it would be a good idea to make a bitlbee package using the PKGBUILD
from minbif as a base. So here it is!

It's basically the same as the one in the extra repo. The only change is that
this version uses gnutls instead of openssl. And "fix a little bug" (not really
a bug) that prints an error message when removing the official package.

Although the rcd script is totally different from the one shipped with the
official package it's hopefully working the same, with the "benefit" of sharing
the very same code as the one used for minbif with very little changes. I don't
really tested it very much as I prefer to use the xinetd mode so, feel free to
test it and send me a bug report if you find one. :)

bitlbee-bzr
-----------

The Bazaar version of the bitlbee package.

emacs-pov-mode
--------------

I was messing around with Emacs when I was doing a class that used POV-Ray. So
I created this package that installs the pov-mode for Emacs (InsertMenu
included). This package is in the AUR:

https://aur.archlinux.org/packages.php?ID=37408

I'm not using Emacs exhaustively anymore, so I don't use this package. This
mode isn't actively developed so, I'll continue to maintain it as it doesn't
really bothers me to take a look at it from time to time. But if anyone is
interested in continuing to improve and update (almost never), I can disown the
package. :)

hunspell-pt-br, hyphen-pt-br and mythes-pt-br
---------------------------------------------

There wasn't a mythes-pt-br package in AUR so I made one! And to keep things
standard, I ended up creating packages for hunspell-pt-br and hyphe-pt-br too.

minbif
------

This is the first PKGBUILD that I posted in AUR. It's now in the community repo
so, there's no need to continue using this package. However, I'll continue to
update this package as before.

The only difference between this and the official one is that this is built
with VIDEO support and includes a xinetd script. You can tell me that VIDEO is
useless, but I think it's worth because it doesn't add any new dependency.
Well, you can disable it very easily if you want to. :)

Although the rcd script is totally different from the one shipped with the
official package it's hopefully working the same, with the "benefit" of sharing
the very same code as the one used for bitlbee with very little changes. I
don't really tested it very much as I prefer to use the xinetd mode so, feel
free to test it and send me a bug report if you find one. :)

I'm not using minbif anymore because I don't like the libpurple stuff very
much. So I switched back to bitlbee (which moved after the birth of minbif :)).
Nevertheless it's highly recommended if you don't mind the libpurple stuff!

P.S.: bitlbee too can support libpurple, it's actually very easy to use the
package from here to build a libpurple capable bitlbee. But I can't tell if the
support is as good as in minbif.

minbif-git
----------

The Git version of the minbif package.

mpdscribble
-----------

I made this package because of a incompatibility introduced by curl 7.21.1, so
we had to use soup instead. Now the upstream release fixed this issue and we
can switch back from libsoup to curl again. Again, the official package from
the community repo is almost the same as this, and there's no reason to use
this package anymore. :( But I'll continue to maintain this, trying to bring
the newest versions here earlier.

Some differences about this package compared to the official is that I already
have made the switch back to curl. And I don't "move" the config file from
/etc/mpdscribble.conf to /etc/modscribble.conf.example. The reason is that, you
have to change the mode from 600 to 644, so the normal user can copy the file
to your home directory. As a consequence, the root user has to manually chmod
the file back to 600 to protect the password in the file when using mpdscribble
system-wide. Instead, what I do is to preserve the /etc/mpdscribble.conf file
"as is" (with mode 600) and make a copy of the config file with mode 644 in
/usr/share/doc/mpdscribble/mpdscribble.conf, so users can have a reference for
per-user use.

rxvt-unicode
------------

This is a mixed version of the package from the extra repo and the
rxvt-unicode-patched (https://aur.archlinux.org/packages.php?ID=44649) from
AUR. It just uses the patch font-fix (a modified version of it) from the AUR
package and not the layout-gaps one.

I was a bit annoyed with the fact that Xft fonts was rendered differently
between xterm and urxvt. So I began to investigate. They say that a picture is
worth a thousand words. So, let's see.

xterm: http://imgur.com/z8QCU?full
rxvt-unicode-extra (from extra): http://imgur.com/7ZCtL?full
rxvt-unicode-patched (from AUR): http://imgur.com/TCXHq?full
rxvt-unicode-this (this one): http://imgur.com/9SXCZ?full

As you can see, the final result is that the behaviour is identical to the one
presented by xterm. I think it's a question of preference... But I prefer the
result you got using this patch, because you can tweak the line spacing anyway
using the "lineSpace" resource (-lsp) and increase the line space to get the
result you want, but unlike the "letterSpace" resource (-letsp) that allows you
to set negative values, this "lineSpace" resource don't.

I don't really know if this patch is the real fix for this "issue", but it's
working so far for me. I posted the code for a patch that can be used with the
rxvt-unicode-patched (https://aur.archlinux.org/packages.php?ID=44649) from AUR
in the link below, just replace the font-width-fix.patch with this one:

http://pastebin.com/ykZW4TED

vim-calendar and vim-renamer
----------------------------

I use these packages when the AUR ones are out-of-date. They're basically the
same, just the license is changed to "unknown" which I think it's more
"appropriated".

FINALLY
=======

I hope some of these packages can be useful to someone! And I'm not so
confident with my English skills so, sorry if it was a bit confusing. :(

Enjoy!
